### The night started pretty cloudy. Nothing unusual about it, this time of the year, a little cold and a little weird. The weather predicted clear skies, but when did they ever get anything right? We clocked in pretty much on time, accounting for the fact that we may end up getting lost on these snowy roads. It started like any other shift, with a little debriefing on the system specifications and how to operate the machinery. We had a long night waiting for us, but that didn’t deter us because we were excited to be budding astronomers. By hour 4, we got exhausted by the dull tasks and looked for other things to stay awake. Throw coffee, and energy drinks in the mix and we had a pretty solid two hours of fun. But we still had to kill 6 more hours. We could have explored the nearby forest with torches and our pretty useless hand device now that it didn’t have any network. We were truly cut off from the world, although we had a WLAN connection. But we live our lives in these small rectangular spaces, you know? Imagine living in 2022 with no smartphone in any first-world country. Willingly living without a smartphone, may I add. The thought seemed bizarre but so dreamy. Nothing to distract us from our hunting and exploring. And the winter forest looked daunting and taunting. The thing about northern winter is that no one can say anything to prepare you for just how cold it is. You read negative temperatures and chilly winds and your body, just young and tanned from the glow of summer, forgets all about any sense of it. No muscle memory kicks in to help you adjust to it. The chills in your bones, the constant headaches but those are nothing, nothing compared to the lack of sun. You come from a place so lit by the Sun that living in a world without it is a long cry from reality. You don’t anticipate it, the disjoint feeling of time just passing you by but in reality, it's just frozen.
###Fear. It is a mind-killer. Conquer it and you conquer the world. A child's fears are easy to comprehend, afraid of the big monster under the bed or a fictitious person who would be punished at the sight of unfinished chores. Even as you grow older, you don't let go of these fears but add on to them. But one never stops to realise just how much of one's actions are coloured by fear. The more you look into it, the more you realise that you are surrounded by fear. People who live their lives above it must be the truly liberated ones. So much fear bleeds into conversations and thematically it is always about otherness.Perhaps we crave so much to be accepted and assimilated into our groups.
, S
